Add cross-encoder model documentation (#6357)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _search-plugins/search-relevance/reranking-search-results.md

You can rerank search results using a cross-encoder reranker in order to improve search relevance. To implement reranking, you need to configure a [search pipeline]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/search-pipelines/index/) that runs at search time. The search pipeline intercepts search results and applies the [`rerank` processor]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/search-pipelines/rerank-processor/) to them. The `rerank` processor evaluates the search results and sorts them based on the new scores provided by the cross-encoder model. 

**PREREQUISITE**<br>

> Before using hybrid search, you must set up a cross-encoder model. For more information, see [Cross-encoder models]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/custom-local-models/#cross-encoder-models).

Reviewer: Prerequisite for reranking, not hybrid search.

Author: Thank you! Good catch.

> Before using hybrid search, you must set up a cross-encoder model. For more information, see [Cross-encoder models]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/custom-local-models/#cross-encoder-models).

Author: ```suggestion
Before configuring a reranking pipeline, you must set up a cross-encoder model. For more information, see [Cross-encoder models]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/custom-local-models/#cross-encoder-models).
```
